agrv->argv
alloced->allocated
amin->main
apoint->appoint
arange->arrange, a range,
atend->attend
atending->attending
bre->be, brie,
brouter->router
cas->case, cast,
clas->class
cloneable->clonable
cmo->com
copyable->copiable
creat->create, crate,
dateset->dataset
datesets->datasets
define'd->defined
deque->dequeue
doas->does, do as,
dof->of, doff,
dont->don't
dosclose->disclose
dur->due
endcode->encode
errorstring->error string
exitst->exists, exist, exits,
falsy->falsely, false,
gadjet->gadget
gadjets->gadgets
gae->game, Gael, gale,
hist->heist, his,
iam->I am, aim,
iff->if
ifset->if set
isenough->is enough
ith->with
jupyter->Jupiter
keypair->key pair
keypairs->key pairs
lateset->latest
lite->light
movei->movie
MSDOS->MS-DOS
musl->must
mut->must, mutt, moot,
nmake->make
nto->not
objext->object
od->of
outputof->output of, output-of,
packat->packet
protecten->protection, protected,
pullrequenst->pull requests, pull request,
pullrequest->pull request
pullrequests->pull requests
pysic->physic
recomment->recommend
reday->ready
referer->referrer
rela->real
rendir->render
rendirs->renders
ro->to, row, rob, rod, roe, rot,
seeked->sought
shouldnot->should not, shouldn't,
sinc->sync, sink, since,
sincs->syncs, sinks, since,
snd->send, and, sound,
sockt->socket
sockts->sockets
spawnve->spawn
stdio->studio
stdios->studios
stoll->still
storaged->storage, stored,
storaget->storage
stringly->strongly, stringy,
subpatchs->subpatches
sur->sure, sir,
tarceback->traceback
tarcebacks->tracebacks
templace->template
thead->thread
theads->threads
todays->today's
tomorrows->tomorrow's
udate->update, date,
udates->updates, dates,
uint->unit
uis->is, use,
upto->up to
usesd->used, uses,
wan->want
warmup->warm up, warm-up,
were'->we're
whome->whom
ws->was
yesterdays->yesterday's
